c:\users\juvniattta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookManager\BookManager\bin\Debug\BookManager.exe.config
c:\users\juvniattta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookManager\BookManager\bin\Debug\BookManager.exe
c:\users\juvniattta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookManager\BookManager\bin\Debug\BookManager.pdb
c:\users\juvniattta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\juvniattta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.Form1.resources
c:\users\juvniattta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.Form2.resources
c:\users\juvniattta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.Form3.resources
c:\users\juvniattta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\juvniattta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\juvniattta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.exe
c:\users\juvniattta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.pdb
C:\Users\KB\Desktop\project\13장_me2\BookManager\BookManager\bin\Debug\BookManager.exe.config
C:\Users\KB\Desktop\project\13장_me2\BookManager\BookManager\bin\Debug\BookManager.exe
C:\Users\KB\Desktop\project\13장_me2\BookManager\BookManager\bin\Debug\BookManager.pdb
C:\Users\KB\Desktop\project\13장_me2\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\KB\Desktop\project\13장_me2\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.Form1.resources
C:\Users\KB\Desktop\project\13장_me2\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.Form2.resources
C:\Users\KB\Desktop\project\13장_me2\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.Form3.resources
C:\Users\KB\Desktop\project\13장_me2\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\KB\Desktop\project\13장_me2\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\KB\Desktop\project\13장_me2\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\KB\Desktop\project\13장_me2\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.exe
C:\Users\KB\Desktop\project\13장_me2\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.pdb
C:\Users\KB\Desktop\project\13장_me2\BookManager\BookManager\bin\Debug\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\KB\Desktop\project\13장_me2\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\KB\Desktop\project\13장_me2\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.Form4.resources
C:\Users\his\Documents\GitHub\project\DB project\BookManager\BookManager\bin\Debug\BookManager.exe.config
C:\Users\his\Documents\GitHub\project\DB project\BookManager\BookManager\bin\Debug\BookManager.exe
C:\Users\his\Documents\GitHub\project\DB project\BookManager\BookManager\bin\Debug\BookManager.pdb
C:\Users\his\Documents\GitHub\project\DB project\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\his\Documents\GitHub\project\DB project\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.Form1.resources
C:\Users\his\Documents\GitHub\project\DB project\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.Form2.resources
C:\Users\his\Documents\GitHub\project\DB project\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.Form3.resources
C:\Users\his\Documents\GitHub\project\DB project\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.Form4.resources
C:\Users\his\Documents\GitHub\project\DB project\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\his\Documents\GitHub\project\DB project\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\his\Documents\GitHub\project\DB project\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\his\Documents\GitHub\project\DB project\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\his\Documents\GitHub\project\DB project\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.exe
C:\Users\his\Documents\GitHub\project\DB project\BookManager\BookManager\obj\Debug\BookManager.pdb
